hey guys it's Emma here and today I'm
going to be doing a closet organizing
video students hell this is just an
overview of my closet but this is not
going to be a closet tour at all this is
literally just going to be me showing
you guys how I like to store my clothes
and I think it looks very nice so as you
can tell you know you open up my closet
doors and I just like the way that the
whole area feels so as you can tell a
really good tip I have is to organize
your clothes by type of clothes and then
by color so right here I have tank tops
and then into cardigans and like
sweaters and that kind of stuff and then
I have short sleeve shirts and then back
there I have sweaters that like you just
wear by itself the sweater is over here
are sweaters that I like to put over
things which is why I keep them over
here because a lot of times I like to
retain top and a cardigan so that's
really cute another thing I'd recommend
you doing by saving space in your closet
is to buy one of these little things
this is actually a pants organizer but I
got it from Marshalls and I use it to
store my scarves and it's just really
nice because I can see them all out here
and they stay really nice and you know
you don't have to worry about losing
them or anything and then I got into
skirts and then dresses so if you guys
are kind of worried about like how to
store your jewelry or you know
specifically your necklaces I like to
put in thumbtacks into my wall which I
mean that's not always the best idea but
you know I can always patch up the holes
later so that's just a really cute way
to keep your necklaces hung up nicely
without you know having to take up a lot
of space and make your room look really
cluttered and I have more necklaces in
the back over there and then on the
other side I have belts then down there
I just basically have like no jewelry
anymore in there because I found other
ways to store it this right here is also
from Marshalls I love Marshalls for
organizing stuff because they always
have a lot of really cute room stuff and
in here I just keep my bracelets and
right
so these are my rings these are my like
Bingley bracelets I guess and these are
more like stretchy ones so this is a
really cute way to store your jewelry
easily you could even use this for
earrings or you know you can use it for
so many different things the inside
feels really nice and I think that it
just looks really cute so this is
actually a bookshelf that my dad made
from you when I was little and I just
recently went through and painted it the
same color is my walls and I didn't do a
very good job painting it because I knew
I would put it in my closet but that's
what it looks like that's a really great
way to store your shoes or anything you
could do bags you could put boxes in
here either or you could even put like
pants or sweaters and like stack them up
I really recommend doing this this is
amazing if you guys don't have a
bookshelf sitting around your house
maybe you could go to a you know old
furniture store or make one like my dad
did but I like the way it looks I think
it's really cute and it just looks
amazing and I'm missing a pair of shoes
too so this is my like lingerie thing
hahaha
what I do is I just have bras underwear
and socks and then up there have pair of
shoes I like to keep in their box
because they're kind of nice and then
these ones I just have my jeans and then
more jeans and then right here I have
like my laundry basket since I don't
really have room for one in my closet so
then back there I just have a pair of
Steve Madden boots and I like to set out
so you can kind of see them and then
back there I have another pair of black
boots but I don't like to wear them very
much so they're just kind of back there
and then on top of this thing I keep two
boxes that I wrapped
wrapping paper in Ramallah and this one
is just my white tank top sling camis
and this one is my color tank tops and
camis which is a really cute way to
store them and you know you can really
get wrapping paper smash your room or
you know stand out and then yeah what
are you doing here mister okay
these are my heels which I don't really
ever wear obviously because I'm not
gonna like wear them to school or
anything but I just like to set them out
up there a top I really like to get
these little bins from Target
you think just any kind of bins if you
had a big box I would work fun too so I
keep my yoga pants and leggings in here
and then over there I keep workout
clothes which the thing is absolutely
exploding because I love wearing that
kind of stuff and then here I have my
fragrances next your bath stuff and then
right here I have extra like big bags
that I like to take to school so you
know definitely make the most out of
your closet space I think I definitely
am using a lot of closet space in my
room up there I just have random stuff
from like when I was a kid I have
something on the lens here whatever so
really cute super easy it's actually
pretty inexpensive too I think that
those guys were like you're not even ten
dollars and I'm sure you could buy
cheaper ones somewhere else that thing
we've just always had around her house
that I just use extra paint in an old
bookshelf and then the Sterlite ones we
used for our Barbies in Polly Pockets
when we were little so really I only had
to buy a few things and I think it looks
very very nice another thing I'd
recommend especially if you are running
low on closet space is to get these
little things again I only get one so
you can put on your bed because this is
a great way to store your out-of-season
clothes so right here I have a bunch of
old swimsuits
well not old some suits I just I'm not
really swimming as much right now I
still go swimming but it's starting to
get a little bit later on in the year so
I keep those tucked back in there
months summer starts I'll probably put
my shorts in there and they keep my
shorts folded in this drawer and then
right here I have hoodies because I mean
who wants to just like style a hoodie
Elmo so those are just random hoodies
that I do wear but it's just I mean I'm
not gonna like I'm more I'm more aware
than when I'm like freezing or something
I will wear them to school though and
then right there I just have my boots
but I haven't send them out yet because
it's really not that cold and then back
then I have another one where I keep
extra like little travel makeup bag
stuff so that's exciting so this is how
I like to organize my clothes these are
like my tips for you guys I feel like
this is not um you know some people have
really expensive like organizing stuff
but really um
this definitely isn't that expensive um
and you could even do go to like a first
or something I don't know I don't really
go to thrift stores so I'm not really
sure if they would sell like any baskets
or anything but yeah this is my
organizing video I hope this helps you
guys and I'll see you guys later bye